fix(learn): formatting bug preventing tests to pass (#39045)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/record-collection.english.md

If <code>prop</code> is <code>"tracks"</code> but the album doesn't have a <code>"tracks"</code> property, create an empty array before adding the new value to the album's corresponding property.
If <code>prop</code> is <code>"tracks"</code> and <code>value</code> isn't empty (<code>""</code>), push the <code>value</code> onto the end of the album's existing <code>tracks</code> array.
If <code>value</code> is empty (<code>""</code>), delete the given <code>prop</code> property from the album.

> <strong>Hints</strong><br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<strong>Notes/Hints</strong><br>
```

Author: OK, I'll make the changes :smiley:

Reviewer: You can simply click Commit suggestion and it will make the commit.

Author: I saw the option, but I tested the changes locally again to actually "see" them.

> <b>When we run the tests</b>, a copy of the original <code>collection</code> object is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A copy of the original <code>collection</code> object is used for the tests.
```

Author: Agreed!

  - text: After <code>updateRecords(collection, 1245, "tracks", "Addicted to Love")</code>, <code>tracks</code> should have <code>"Addicted to Love"</code> as the last element.
    testString: assert(updateRecords(_recordCollection, 1245, "tracks", "Addicted to Love")[1245]["tracks"].pop() === "Addicted to Love");
  - text: After <code>updateRecords(collection, 2468, "tracks", "Free")</code>, <code>tracks</code> should have <code>"1999"</code> as the first element.
    testString: assert(updateRecords(_recordCollection, 2468, "tracks", "Free")[2468]["tracks"][0] === "1999");
  - text: After <code>updateRecords(collection, 2548, "tracks", "")</code>, <code>tracks</code> should not be set
    testString: updateRecords(_recordCollection, 2548, "tracks", ""); assert(!_recordCollection[2548].hasOwnProperty("tracks"));
  - text: After <code>updateRecords(collection, 1245, "album", "Riptide")</code>, <code>album</code> should be <code>"Riptide"</code>
    testString: assert(updateRecords(_recordCollection, 1245, "album", "Riptide")[1245]["album"] === "Riptide");
```

</section>

## Challenge Seed

<section id='challengeSeed'>
<div id='js-seed'>

```js

> // Setup (for reference only)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: Probably not needed
